[ADD] [16.0] stock_rule_reserve_max_quantity (#1513)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_rule_reserve_max_quantity/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module extends the functionality of stock reservation to support reserve max available quantity and to allow you to not double check quantity done in previous steps for Outgoing Shipments when is configured with 2 or 3 steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of chained (pull) stock reservation to support the reservation of the total quantity brought by the done chained move lines. By default, the reservation on each step of the chain is limited to the need. If you pick more than the need, with this module the chained moves will reserve the total picked quantity.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you @jbaudoux . This has been hard work. Great work @Shide !

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. 
This description fits much better with what the module does. ❤️

> This operation will only apply when the available quantity exceeds the demanded quantity and the stock rule linked to the stock move has the field `Reserve Max Quantity` activated.

Reviewer 3: issue: This isn't code:

```suggestion
This operation will only apply when the available quantity exceeds the demanded quantity and the stock rule linked to the stock move has the field *Reserve Max Quantity* activated.
```
